Springbok are the most successful desert
antelopes in africa with short thin fur
they can easily offload heat by sweating
the white patterns on their coats help
to reflect solar radiation and they
never need to drink they can extract all
the moisture they need from the most
meager desert plants but in Southern
Africa's deserts
there's the lurking challenge cheetahs
Shadow the Springbok herds they too
evolved in the desert thinly furred and
likely built everything about them is
designed to deal with heat and speed
cheetahs are sprinters not made for a
long-distance chase
so they must get close but Springbok
have keen senses true to their name
Springbok and leap to aegis hi it's
jumping with a purpose its signals are
warning to the others it confuses
attackers
after such a burst of activity
Springbok need to cool down fast here in
the Kalahari temperatures can be
unbearable but large animals can at
least find a shady haven under the broad
canopies of camel thorn trees